Welcome to the beginning of your programming journey! If you find anything 
confusing, weird, or just plain wrong, please let one of us know! As this will
be the first year this course goes into actiion, and will likely have some 
kinks that need to be worked out.

Here are some extra resources!

  W3Schools - This website is an extremely helpful reference, if you have any 
  questions, this one could probably clear things up
    Java
      https://www.w3schools.com/java/ 
    Python
      https://www.w3schools.com/python/default.asp

  CodeAcademy - This site offers free courses on most programming languages,
  however, as I've found, you can get lost or not really understand what it's
  trying to tell you. It is still a good resource if you don't understand 
  something and need another way of looking at it. Or if you don't like our
  course and want to try it another way
    Java
      https://www.codecademy.com/catalog/language/java
    Python  
      https://www.codecademy.com/catalog/language/python

More resources to come 

Cheating policy
  DO NOT CHEAT!
  You obviously know this, however I will say it here anyway to make sure the 
  message gets through. Cheating will only make things harder for you in the 
  future, as by not understanding the concepts outlined in the beginner level, you 
  will be woefully unprepared for the intermediate course. Think of it like math, 
  How are you supposed to do algebra if you don't even know how to divide.

  But, what is cheating?
  - Copying what someone else put down just to show you did it
  - Finding the first solution on the internet and copy and pasting


  Exceptions
  - If you understand why and how what you put down works, then I would not 
    really consider it cheating. The purpose of this course is to help you
    understand how programming works. I don't care how you get there, as long
    as you get there. (This rule does not apply to quizes)
  - Asking for help is not cheating. Copying what they said mindlessly down is.
    Don't be afraid to ask, even if you asked 50 times before and the concept 
    just isn't getting through, we would still prefer you ask rather than carry 
    on and not understand.


Good luck! Remember, if you have any questions just ask the captains!